com.intellij|null
training|null
tanvd.grazi|null
org.toml.lang|null
org.jetbrains.settingsRepository|IDE Settings
org.jetbrains.plugins.yaml|Languages
org.jetbrains.plugins.wsl.fs|null
org.jetbrains.plugins.textmate|Other Tools
org.jetbrains.plugins.terminal|Other Tools
org.jetbrains.plugins.rest|null
org.jetbrains.plugins.localization|Languages
org.jetbrains.plugins.emojipicker|Other Tools
org.intellij.intelliLang|Other Tools
org.editorconfig.editorconfigjetbrains|Other Tools
hg4idea|Version Controls
gherkin|Languages
com.jetbrains.space|null
com.jetbrains.sh|Languages
com.jetbrains.projector.libs|null
org.jetbrains.plugins.remote-run|null
org.jetbrains.plugins.vagrant|Deployment
com.jetbrains.plugins.webDeployment|Deployment
com.jetbrains.plugins.ini4idea|Languages
com.jetbrains.gateway|Remote Development
com.jetbrains.gateway.terminal|null
com.jetbrains.codeWithMe|null
com.intellij.tasks|Other Tools
com.intellij.tasks.timeTracking|Other Tools
org.jetbrains.plugins.haml|Template Languages
com.intellij.plugins.watcher|null
com.intellij.plugins.warmneon.colorscheme|UI
com.intellij.plugins.twilight.colorscheme|UI
com.intellij.plugins.monokai.colorscheme|UI
com.intellij.plugins.github.colorscheme|UI
com.intellij.platform.images|null
org.intellij.plugins.markdown|Languages
com.jetbrains.restClient|Other Tools
com.intellij.lang.puppet|Deployment
com.intellij.microservices.ui|Microservices
com.intellij.diagram|Other Tools
com.intellij.copyright|Other Tools
com.intellij.properties|Languages
com.intellij.css|Style Sheets
org.jetbrains.plugins.stylus|Style Sheets
org.jetbrains.plugins.sass|Style Sheets
org.jetbrains.plugins.less|Style Sheets
com.intellij.configurationScript|null
com.intellij.completion.ml.ranking|Other Tools
com.intellij.CloudConfig|IDE Settings
com.jetbrains.performancePlugin|Other Tools
intellij.indexing.shared.core|null
com.jetbrains.pycharm.pro.sharedIndexes.bundled|null
com.jetbrains.performancePlugin.dynamicPlugins|null
Subversion|Version Controls
Remote Development Server|null
PerforceDirectPlugin|Version Controls
HtmlTools|HTML and XML
org.jetbrains.plugins.github|Version Controls
Git4Idea|Version Controls
training.git|null
intellij.indexing.shared|null
JavaScriptDebugger|JavaScript Frameworks and Tools
JavaScript|JavaScript Frameworks and Tools
tslint|JavaScript Frameworks and Tools
com.intellij.database|Database
Pythonid|null
JSIntentionPowerPack|JavaScript Frameworks and Tools
org.coffeescript|JavaScript Frameworks and Tools
com.jetbrains.changeReminder|Version Controls
com.intellij.searcheverywhere.ml|null
Docker|Deployment
com.jetbrains.python.sharedIndexes.downloadable|null
com.jetbrains.python.sharedIndexes|null
com.jetbrains.pycharm.pro.customization|null
AngularJS|JavaScript Frameworks and Tools
